You only fail when you stop trying.

Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay.

Do it now. Sometimes "later" becomes "never".

The power of imagination makes us infinite.

I’ll support you either way.

The best way to predict the future is to invent it.

Don’t count the days, make the days count.

If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.

The best dreams happen when you’re awake.

Make each day your masterpiece.

The only goal you can’t accomplish is the one you don’t go after.

If there is no struggle, there is no progress.

Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest tomorrow.

Give it a try .

With pain comes strength.

Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground .

If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.

It 's always too early to quit.

Excuses are for people who don’t want it bad enough.

It 's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.

If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.

When you do what you fear the most, then you can do anything.

It 's amazing what you can do when you try.

There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.

You can’t cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.

Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.

Be the girl who just went for it.

Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.

You don’t get what you wish for. You get what you work for.

Do not be afraid to take a big step, a precipice hopping is not passed.

Most people have no idea of the giant capacity we can immediately command when we focus all of our resources on mastering a single area of our lives (Anthony Robbins).

Keep your face always toward the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you (Walt Whitma).

You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind (Joyce Meyer).

Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right (Henry Ford).

A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work (John Lubbock).

The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have (Vince Lombardi).

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts (Winston Churchill).

If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough (Albert Einstein).

Enthusiasm moves the world (Arthur Balfour).

Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower (Steve Jobs)